everyone at sasser we are here this is a
treat with really one of my very
favorite founder cno's cnos
founder ceos renee lassert of bill.com
and
i was lucky enough to meet renee
relatively early we were both funded
back in the day by emergence capital i
think that's where we first met and
in some ways it seems like decades ago
in some ways it seems like yesterday
but it was it was fascinating renee was
one of the it was a group this early
group of emergence there were some
incredible founders in it uh there's
peter gastner from viva from this group
and david sachs and others and and renee
to me was particularly compelling
because he'd just been working at this
problem for a long time which we'll be
chatting about right this broader
problem and
um i'm probably one of the few folks
here that will even remember a startup
before that pay cycle which we'll chat
about but someone with this tenacious
vision and build.com was worth something
like 25 billion dollars today but it
took a long time it was hard work and it
did not come together and
and we'll learn why next um so renee
thank you so much for joining us
you bet jason it's great to see you and
those
early memories of uh being in sas and
being the cloud before it was called the
cloud i mean you were there i was there
and i just really enjoyed those
conversations as part of the emergence
you know family and it's great to be
here talking to to you and your
listeners so thanks for having me in
yeah and it's fun and i just want to now
now most folks i talk to i'm not like a
super fan customer right but build
faster now is i mean it's a company and
a fund and we i run everything on
build.com and it's funny as the ceo of
whatever a 10-person company um it's my
dashboard it's my everything right
and um it's funny i don't even know what
we pay this is a classic ceo thing but
whatever it is we don't pay enough
um and what i do all i care about it's
funny is the ceo i only care about one
thing that all of our bills and
everything flow into one dashboard and i
can just pay it and see where the money
goes and i don't have to do any work
right it's magical right
um
so
tell us a little bit about how you got
to this magic because it wasn't easy to
get all of these vendors and everything
connected i mean just gettingbuild.com
to where it is
it took like a decade to make this these
underpinnings work didn't it
yeah it's it's interesting you know it
always starts with a strong vision and
mission of what you want to do right so
me
my grandparents my parents they were
serial entrepreneurs i grew up around
them and when i started the first
company pace cycle which you know we'll
probably get to talk about that at some
point i found that everything i was
doing to run the business was really not
that different than what my grandfather
had done 60 years earlier which was
filing cabinets paper checks walking
around finding employees asking what was
going on and it was at the time when i
started pay cycle it was internet
payroll
we weren't thinking about cloud payroll
it was called internet payroll but yeah
we had taken this this concept of a
software application we had made a
database in the sky that was shared by
everybody and then we had software ui
that could be you know customized for
our bank partners or for accountants or
whatnot and so i realized that there was
this opportunity to kind of really solve
all of that
mess that a business has and running it
but the thing that you talked about
being able to get your fingers on the
documents that actually drive your
business whether that's a contract or a
bill or an invoice or a cleared payment
having all of that at your fingertips
the cloud makes that possible and so i
just started noodling that and then it
came up with kind of this broad broad
platform of how we could do things and
so to your point
i came up with the platform and then i
started executing on it like we didn't
have it day one it took us you know like
you said i mean it was probably you know
10 years before we started having you
know meaningful revenue uh that you know
others like huh maybe that company might
go public right and he fast forward kind
of two years later three years later
we're filing for the ipo uh we're
launching some of the payment products
that were new to us that had a
variable-based pricing that kind of you
know turbocharged some of the growth and
all of they came together but it really
wasn't that different than what i
envisioned back in 2004 before i left
pay cycle like i started thinking about
this before i left i started in 2006 and
then i started executing so i think part
of the learning is like if you have your
vision like you know stick to it if you
can and if you have the investors that
will support that stick to it and make
sure that you're finding stuff that um
supports it and you know pay attention
stuff that doesn't and then tweak that
but we were fortunate i mean everything
we did
seemed to support what we were doing not
as fast as customer growth in the early
days as we wanted but you know we found
a way to crack that code as well so and
didn't you have to i might be
misremembering but didn't you have to
convince a lot of partners and merchants
to join the platform wasn't that not
easy in the beginning probably until you
had a network build
but one of the things that i focused on
uh which i've learned from others out
there is you can't force uh a crossing
of the digital divide overnight
right so all of your listeners
everybody's trying to force that
crossing they have this great idea we're
trying to force that but you can't you
have to have a bridge
right and so the bridge for us in the
early days was
send us in uh take a fax take a document
and fax it in and you'll just have equal
facts out right but that was the bridge
of taking the paper and getting it in
the system and on the payment side we'd
be like we'll just cut you a check
so we didn't force people to connect
their vendors but then we did uh
incentives from a pricing perspective a
check was a dollar 49 or whatever a
dollar 69 a day and an ach was 29 cents
so that price incentive enabled us to
kind of grow that network uh i say if
you have vendors if you have suppliers
that you work with that want to get paid
electronically they're going to say hey
jason i want to get paid electronically
we make it super easy but then we have
this other thing which is like hey jason
you might save some money and you'll
have better control and you'll have
better security over those funds that
are going out if you use us for the ach
of the payment so go invite your vendors
in so a lot of this was
the the network side actually wasn't as
hard other than that it took time we
made it in the product where you could
easily invite people in bring them into
the platform have them engage that was
the thing that was important the
platform let's cross engagement and part
of the reason you know for buying the
url bill.com is that my bill is your
bill means something very different when
i sell you a bill it means you're going
to pay me when you pay the bill it means
money coming out and so that two-sided
part of the network is something that we
built a platform around that to do both
ap and ar depending on which side was
coming in
yeah but you didn't force it right if
people wanted to continue to fax or deal
outside of the network it could be
transparent to them until they saw the
carrot right which was to make a little
bit more money
yeah i still have vendors that i you
know i use build.com personally and i
have vendors that want to receive a
check and i always ask them sometimes
they get very perturbed it's almost like
the the vaccine question some people
don't like to be asked the question
right and they get returned like i'm not
going to tell you what i do but no send
me a chat don't send me electronic i
have to have check can you just tell me
why you want to check i mean it's not
secure somebody's gonna you know anyways
some it's religious for some people so
you have to have a way
to support you like you run a business
you're not gonna have multiple methods
of payment yes you want to go to your
bank you don't want to plan your check
but you want to be able to pay your
bills anywhere
and when and we think i mean that that
that sort of um
that power law you described of
build.com's progress right where it's x
years and then and then all of a sudden
people a lot of people maybe could only
see it a couple years before the ipo
and then probably 10x and market caps
you would know better than me when did
it when do you when did you see it when
did it take off when did when did it
start to feel de-risked um when did it
feel inevitable to you
well i mean one of the early measures so
i you know both both day cycle and bill
were very focused on having a business
model that works right yeah so uh you
know the first thousand customers you're
losing money on every customer it
doesn't matter you lose money right you
have to have support and stuff like that
but we worked hard and you know probably
you know within five years um we had
gross margins that were probably north
of 50 right and so now our gross margins
are close to you know 75 to 80 somewhere
in that range but when we when i saw
that we could flip the gross margin and
i knew we could do more just on our core
subscription business i knew we had
something because those are strong
software gross margins the market was
massive and then kind of the next
inflection point would be when we
decided to kind of monetize more with
the international payments and the
virtual park products that we added and
we knew i mean maybe the the flexion
point that was interesting is when we
decided to go do international payments
we did some research into our customer
base and just to see like you know we
thought well since we have the sync
capability with the accounting software
we'll see how many international vendors
are there
what we were surprised to learn is yes
we had lots of international vendors
because they'd saved from the accounting
software but our customers were
reporting
payments outside of bill.com in bill.com
so you can do a wire and you can say hey
so they were using us for all the
workflow on those payments that were
going international but they were making
the payment through their bank and then
we realized that we had something more
than just kind of a workflow platform
that we really had a system of
engagement so we had the system of
record the system of engagement and then
you get to the system information which
is all about the data that we're using
to kind of figure out what products to
serve and offer our customers the ai
tools that we have but that that was a
turning point when we realized we could
kind of have a much different uh
understanding and use case with our
customers because the platform was doing
the job the stickiness of workflow
document management security compliance
all that stuff that you don't have to
worry about as a customer
that was sticky enough that we realized
we could start selling other things and
that's really what's happened since the
ipo we started that at the time the ipo
yeah and kind of the growth that's
really driven you know the transaction
revenue you know growing at the rate
that it has been well let's come back to
that next but just to step back to make
sure i understand the learning the case
study so these international payments
this magic moment was it because that's
such a
it's so much work for a small business
that it was magical when bill could
handle it or what why was that the magic
was it just i mean i don't know how to
send a payment to 22 countries and then
i could just click a button and bill it
would happen that was so much more
magical than just a domestic transfer
yeah i think it's the having one place
it's kind of like you said like you've
got a company you could be traveling you
might have been on summer vacation you
need to pay a bill and it happens to be
a wired esco international now i have to
call my bank look i just had dinner with
my family it's 11 o'clock at night here
i don't know who the hell i can call it
this hour right but with bill you just
be like oh you have to schedule the
payment we'll go out tomorrow and so it
is the simplicity the ease of use that
you have one dashboard that has all now
to do that gets back to that platform
that endem platform that has the
regulatory the compliance pieces the
security all that stuff around um you
know money movement is not always you
know the easiest stuff to do so yeah so
let's chat let's talk a little bit about
the payment so
you can tell me what you call it if i
call it the fintech side of bill it's
got this almost amazing shopify
esque element today where shopify
started off as websites for for
e-commerce and now it's mostly merchant
fees you're 50 50 today aren't you or
something like that based on your last
step 50 of your revenues from payments
50 from software
yeah and we've been moving in that
direction uh as we've been able to
capture more of the the you know the
international payments and virtual card
transactions uh you know with the divi
transaction
and opportunity there that's going to
increase you know the transaction
revenue so you know having this ability
to kind of leverage the platform this
endem platform to execute payments the
payments i you know one of the things i
got asked a lot in the early days is
well you know hey like i don't i don't
need to change things i have a way to
make a payment and and so then i had
other people saying well you know how do
you do more electronic payments and it's
and i would always start with the
payment is the last thing that a
customer does
right it's everything before that
matters like
you're not going to just sign a check or
use bill.com to essentially sign a check
or execute electronic payment unless you
know what the content of that bill is
yeah mean you're going to want to look
at it and so that's where we spent all
the time on on that workflow and that
process and i think for us
uh
it's really turned out that that's kind
of quite sticky and quite hard to do
and and
remind me you probably have a broader
and certainly more sophisticated
definition of payments for bill of
course than i do right as just a fan but
if i remember right i remember reading
the s1 when you went public and you had
some interchange and other revenue but
this real payment stuff actually took
off post ipo right it's really the last
couple years so what had to sort of
come together to make that happen
because that's a that's a that's a crazy
acceleration right in the last two years
yeah yeah so the payment the
transactional revenue we had you know
around the ipo because we had not yet we
just started international payments and
the virtual court games was all uh fixed
unit pricing so the check was a dollar
49 or 1.69 depending on the timing uh
and the ach was 49 cents
so if you're doing 20 payments a month
with us on average we'll get a dollar
per payment that's 20 a month i'm not
making it that much it's faster but it's
something it heads up
something like that right so so but then
if you we now offer international
payments yeah and instead of you going
to the bank and and paying you know
the fees that you might have there you
know we'll charge something less than
that and be inside of bill.com and then
there's an fx you know opportunity for
us and those transactional fees end up
being significantly more so it's the the
fact that we went to variable based
pricing
for some of our payments it's a very
small number of the payments but it's
the payments that matter for the
business like you don't have to go
somewhere else to do it that matters uh
the virtual car payments is the same
thing suppliers don't have to create a
new method of accepting payments they
can just take the card that they're
comfortable taking and so those things
allow for variable based pricing versus
fixed based pricing and did the markets
just have to evolve and maybe even apis
and others or why was four years ago not
the right time
uh i think it was
for us we were still kind of working on
a number of things we had the endem
platform part of that end um platform
was distribution
right so having a diverse ecosystem that
allows us to go direct which we do a
good number of customers come from that
allows us to go to accountants which is
a many-to-many relationship right so
every accounting from 5000 across the
country they bring us you know a lot of
customers for accounting firm and then
go to the strategic partners financial
institutions into it that's a many to
many many right so there's just and
having the ability to have a platform
that has that ecosystem it took time to
get that right at the same time having a
platform that allowed us to
you know bolt on payment vehicles if you
will meant that we had to get a number
of you know really strong uh
capabilities around regulatory
compliance that you know
i just we weren't we were focused on
doing it right we did it right so we can
make sure that we continue to grow the
business and then start adding things on
top and it was you know it was very
purposeful it was very intentful on you
know how do we make sure that the
business can scale and we've been very
happy with our ability to scale once we
add those capabilities on
but i think it really gets back to the
efficient go to market and the efficient
platform that we built from day one get
that right
and then there's lots of things you can
do with it but ultimately
the idea of of owning payments yourself
right and interchange and all that was
part of the original vision it's not
like you you came to that a few years
ago it just took it took
a whole bunch of time on your platform
to real a bunch of patient time to
realize it yeah i think part of the
international payments would have been a
part of the original division yeah i
think you know 15 years ago virtual cars
was not something that was well
understood and so it probably wasn't
part of the original vision but what was
part of the original vision was being
able to move money from person a to
person b and since all the money goes
through us you know on a run rate basis
170 billion dollars now since all that
money goes through us we're able to do
other things that other players can't do
right and so that that was part of the
visual vision so when new opportunities
come up to you know create a better
experience for suppliers uh and we get
to monetize you know because of that
that's great
so one last on this and then let's talk
about go to market and smbs and some fun
stuff like that but should if ever
should everyone that can be a fintech in
sas b1 should everyone that can find
some sort of some sort of neobank
virtual card should everyone i mean
companies like divi which we'll we'll
get to before we end they did it should
we all should we all be a fintech if we
can or is there are there too many is
there a cautionary tale does that should
everybody be doing this yes i'll
probably answer the question a little
bit differently i think it's if you have
the stomach to do it and have the the
main expertise to do it it's a great way
to add on to your business model but i
would say it's not for the faint of
heart i mean the regulatory compliance
stuff you know if i think about the
conversations i have with our bank
partners which by the way has been a
great way for us to learn and get ahead
of the compliance and regulatory needs
it is pretty daunting right and you know
right now a lot of fintech companies are
probably below radar on that front yeah
so you need to be prepared and investors
need to be prepared for what does it
mean right i think it was probably um
our series
e or d
so we ended up getting to i for ipo you
know
one of our investments one of the
investors is like you know what
i'm not sure you guys have all the right
regulatory stuff i'm going to bring my
outside counsel in to really help you
and it helped a lot that was you know
nine years ago wow ten years ago right
so i think that when you ask the
question it's like if it makes sense for
it to be part of the business model yes
you should do it but you have to have
the stomach for it and you have to have
the stomach when i say that it's like
you have to be willing to invest like
there's plenty of investment that we
made over the years that didn't help us
acquire customers that didn't help us
you know increase revenue it was like no
we just have to build infrastructure and
so that that's just one of those things
that
you know not everybody's up for
it it seems like with all the apis and
neobanks and banking as a service and
it almost seems easy today right but
it's a cautionary tale that there's a
huge regulatory overhead right even if
you're not a bank yourself it's huge
right it's huge amount of ceo time that
we're chatting today so it's not for the
it's not it's not it's not easy and it's
not for the faint of heart yeah and
another part of it which is you know
what gets into the ready for compliance
is you know there is fraud right there
is credibility broad risk and so you
know a lot of our infrastructure was
designed around that how do we manage
that successfully uh and to make sure
that we're in a good spot and so
it's you know when you're small you may
not think about those things but if you
assume scale
you have to kind of be thinking about
those things from day one so that's just
the job fraud's minor when you're small
but it can rapidly scale out of control
right uh i i it can snowball in a way
you've never seen before if you've ever
seen it behind the scenes it
it's a thread that gets pulled fast
isn't it yeah yeah and i think it
depends on the business i mean cards
have fraud built into it so in some ways
if your fintech can have a card product
maybe that's different
but if you're trying to like we wanted
the ability to be able to do any type of
payment because that's what customers
needed uh you know it you have to you
know make sure that you're owning that
infrastructure versus you're lying on
some third-party you know neo bank
that's going to help you because they
won't be able to keep up with you once
you get to a certain scale
so i want to make sure we have
a little bit of time for some of your
really jaw-dropping metrics so i may
have my math little wrong but your acv
is still around 2k right so it's tiny i
don't know what we pay maybe we pay 200
300 400 a month it's tiny right 121 nr
right which has gone up for 110 of the
ipo so your business is getting stickier
and stickier
let's step back for a minute how do you
get to these 2k customers i was brought
in obviously i knew bill from you but as
a customer
i came in through our outsourced
controller right who brought us in is
that a big channel for you as a channel
a big way you get these little 2k
customers because the direct marketing
and sales is tough at 2k isn't it
uh yes and no i mean there is plenty uh
word of mouth there's funny self-service
that kind of you know drives uh
customers in they might still talk to
somebody in the sales team but it can be
pretty quick
um so yeah ultimately you know they're
the three-pronged approach on the
ecosystem has worked for us right so
it's the go direct so you know obviously
optimize digital marketing the best you
can uh leverage the word of mouth that
you can to drive leads and then go to
accountants and then you know obviously
go to the future partners so the
accounting firms do represent you know a
big bulk of the client base and it is
because it is uh you know your advisor
they might have 10 20 clients and
they're like hey everybody's going to
use this because it's going to enable me
to support you better and that happens
those are the firms that actually do the
you know i would say the best uh with
bill.com and they make the business out
of it they they actually change the
model around and sometimes they will say
hey jason you're going to pay me five
thousand dollars a month to do all your
bookkeeping but you have to use bill
right and that's our exact numbers
[Laughter]
and you don't even know what you're
paying for right because they're paying
us right and so yeah so and that that
approach has allowed us to kind of
generally grow uh you know with the
accounting professionals the bookkeepers
out there that want to do this uh and
you know it comes back to trust right so
it takes time to get accounts to trust
you yeah it takes time to get you know
financial institutions to trust you
we've been working with both channels
and both partners for a long time uh
they pay cycle did before and so my
ability to kind of have those
conversations with the the right
providers makes a difference so i think
you know for
having the 2k you know um on you know
annual revenue it's it's great but we
know there's a lot of opportunity to do
more on top of that right and so that's
some of what you're seeing in fact i
think in the last quarter numbers we
announced that the net revenue retention
had bumped up to 124 right so we
continue to kind of you know grow you
know our ability through some of the the
you know different products whether it's
you know more users on the account or
some of these payment products we're
able to grow
that capability to drive revenue uh as
we scale which is great
now these accountants and also the banks
they're a channel right um but i think
i'm get they're a little different than
i don't think that they're
at least my accountant right i don't
think they're trying to to add fees on
top of it right take a hubspot or a
shopify implementation hubspot might be
10k and then the agency charges 30k or
20k on top of it this is quite different
right this is getting everyone
normalized on the platform so
did you staff them and manage them like
a traditional channel do you have a
channel team that supports them how do
you how do you enable them to be
successful and to pick bill
yeah yeah so ultimately we support uh
each of our channels uh that are not
direct in kind of a wholesale fashion
right so they're buying wholesale from
us uh and then you know charging
whatever they need so sometimes they
pass it through they might mark it up as
well right yeah but they typically
wouldn't mark it up on a apple's apples
it would be more like hey you need cfo
advisory services and we're gonna charge
5000 you know a month for that and
you're going to use these you know three
products four products whatever it is so
that we can do that and then this pay
the bill directly right so they don't
mark it up per se but they are because
they're spending a lot less time to be
that cfo in a box because they have all
these capabilities with the accounting
platforms
and tools that they're you know
generating uh their their business
around so uh financial institutions
what's a little bit different with them
is um they just it takes time for them
to kind of get their go to market
machine working right and so
they uh are something that you know
definitely involves a little bit of
patience uh in understanding you know
what's working and then supporting them
on that and each each one can be
different you know i mean some banks
they're better with marketing some banks
are better with sales some banks are
better with product and then product
promotions and so you know our team gets
to work with them and figure that out
and then obviously that learning becomes
something that's part of the toolkit for
you know our you go to market across all
the channels but when you were say
pre-ipo when you're scaling bill
just because it's interesting this let's
take the accounting channel right how do
you if it's if it's bulk did you have a
core kpi for the team did you like say i
want to increase revenue this much or do
they have group goals like variable comp
like how do you because sometimes these
indirect channels
it can be a little challenging to get
everyone aligned on on on the goals
there right because it's not it's not
like the sales team ringing the bell
right so did you did you crack that code
in some fashion
yeah so
direct is probably pretty standard the
way everybody else does it there's a
quota and it depends on the revenue and
you know that's how we do that the
accounts we look at it sign the same way
as you would direct but we looked at the
accountant the revenue per accounting
firm
right so the quota's driven off of that
i say so and then they have an incentive
to get ex clients on board you know what
we think is reasonable ex clients on
board and you know the first
uh you know period or not and then we
have account managers that go back and
follow up and make sure that you know
they're driving you know success there
the banks uh are very different right
that's kind of elephant hunting and so
the teams there you know they get the
bank committed up front and we drive
that commitment in the contract to make
sure that there is a commitment and then
it becomes how do we serve you mr bank
mrs bank right it's just it's all about
what do you need because you've already
committed to us so now we're going to
understand your business and work from
that perspective and this really gets
back to how we build trust right like
when we're working with the accounting
firm and we're working with the bank
we're not trying to you know sell them
something that they didn't already buy
we're trying to support them what they
bought yep so let's really let's let's
just make sure we hit on two more points
this i missed 124 nrrr on the last
quarterly one that's
pretty pretty awesome um
so what's going but but it's going up
right it's going up 110 at the ipo maybe
it was below 100 in the in the past
right so it's going it's going up what's
what's what's really happening here
what's the magic because that's that's
that's not easy at scale right um
yeah it's pretty amazing to maintain it
at scale right because it's the greatest
annuity of all
yeah so there's there's two components
to the revenue there's subscription
revenue transaction revenue on
subscription side you know we continue
to invest in features that drive usage
and users right so
uh you know for your firm you know if it
was just you you're paying us less than
if we can get five people approving
bills in there right and so how do we
make it so easy that you think hey you
know what i just want somebody else to
look at this right so i see that drive
center are up right just more seats on
the platform right yeah so that that's
that's definitely a part of us driving
uh the interrupt the other part is the
transaction growth right so to take it
from 20 to 50
uh now we have teams that are focused on
whether it's in product placement or
sales or marketing that will drive the
international transactions a virtual
card that takes just skill and again
rigorous execution it's a constant uh
look at the you know day-to-day you know
blocking attacking that are needed to
drive transaction road and and that's
something that is uh you know i would
say something we've gotten better and
better at you know over the last few
years so you know an example on
international payments is how do we you
know take the burden off of you
um so you don't have to ask your vendors
that are international and actually
place on the vendor to say you know what
i'd rather get paid
via an fx transaction than a check that
jason's going to mail me right
yeah i don't know how it works but it's
great at bill however it works is great
that's much i know
well and so there's there's always more
work we can do like so you know i would
say you know given knowing you and
knowing that you've you know kind of
what you've done your whole career
if you're not a visionary you're
definitely an early adopter right so for
me to kind of get you to do something
it's pretty easy but to get to
the late majority or the you know the
even the early majority it takes a lot
more marketing and skill to kind of
serve those customers right that the
visionaries and the early adopters like
they get it right they understand
technology they i see you doing
something i'm like oh i want what jason
asks and then i can figure it out right
but that's not true for the majority of
people in america right they need to
have spoon fed uh and that's something
that's worked and that's where we do a
lot of work to drive up the internet
still things imagine let's make sure we
have a few minutes to talk about your m
a because it's interesting right but
like for example on our little team um
there is a vendor that we use for credit
cards and my controller said she'd quit
if i made her change she said there's so
many recurring payments
like you do that every three to four so
i think business process change for smps
is it's a big deal right um
it's safe for everybody yeah everybody
right it's and you have to think about
how do you simplify and not force it all
at once right that was the aha for me is
like you got to work on bridges so
yeah i think i think and especially
as founders in that zest to make the ui
beautiful and the onboarding rate we
forget sometimes about the soft costs
right and sometimes that that's a
magical piece when you and you've done
it right so anyhow so you decided after
all these years
you weren't going to start off with a
six million dollar acquisition and then
an 11 million dollar one
i remember in the old days salesforce
wanted to buy us and they said but six
million is the most mark will let us do
and i said i don't know i don't know i
don't know if that's going to work with
i've raised one round of capital but i
love what you did and i think what
twilio did which is i'm guessing is see
where the cloud's going let's not wait
right so 2 billion for divi um luckily
you're worth more than 2 billion right
so you have the the stock and invoice to
go but what did you learn from why did
you decide to go big versus build buy
and all that and what was in your what
was in your mind is it just the
incredible opportunity ahead of us
yeah i would say the
the thing that we do is we always talk
to customers understand what they want
what they need and one thing
in the spend management space uh it was
uh growing fast enough that we had a lot
of joint customers so we had a lot of
people we go talk to and understand how
they were using you know any of the
spend management solutions and there was
a lot of love for divi yeah and so when
i started talking to blake and a team
and we thought you know found that there
was a really great synergy across the
the teams as well it became kind of a
no-brainer and you know i i know that
when we went public you know one of the
reasons was to have a currency to be
able to add on to the platform to serve
more customers with better products
right and so this does both this allows
us to have better products and tools on
top of our platform that we've already
built but also allows us to reach
customers that you know maybe weren't
interested in us before right for
whatever reason and so
having an opportunity to kind of grow
you know both uh you know the the
customer base uh and the revenue per
customer that increases the tam is
pretty rare and so yeah you're gonna
invest behind it like i it's been 15
years growing the business uh i'm in
this to
to really help smbs this you know what i
the reason i started the company is i
care deeply about the process management
challenges that they have like you've
referenced and it is a pain to change
but i want them to actually get their
time back i want them to go do what they
started their business to do it's all
about that passion and you know the back
office accounting is nobody's passion
other than mine and so you know we're
going to focus on that and so the
opportunity to kind of pull things
together whether it's divvy or invoice
to go like that's an opportunity that i
see and i'm i'm dead set on making that
happen that's why you know i started
bill and i feel we're on a good path to
make it happen so anything i can do i'm
not going to shy away from it i'll look
at it make sure it works and we did all
the math and actually the economics you
know work so it i didn't get stared by
the the price tag right so
and what happened i should know this but
spend management
in the last three
and a half years or something went from
a sleepy thing that really did not seem
as webified as you might expect right i
mean in the enterprise we all remember
banging our head using concur and other
things that are fairly similar to these
apps but ultimately an enterprise
version what what's the switch what
happened why did the space explode um
late relatively late in in the cloud
yeah i think it's you know the cloud
takes time to cascade right so one of
the things that cascaded with the
technology for
uh
card payments is the ability to control
card payments through apis real time
right and so that's essentially what
what divi is doing right yeah so without
that without that you can't build divi
you can't right so that that was the
budget is you can set the budget for
your office manager to get 500 a month
and when they hit it they can ask you
for more and you can say yes on the spot
or you can say no but that that ability
to kind of control means you're more
comfortable giving out a lot more cards
right if you go back to the old day you
know before you had that type of ability
it's like they want to give every
employee a card you know because then
they might spend up to the limit and
they might be doing silly things with
that card now you can say yeah i'll give
everybody everybody a card and their
limit's 250 so don't worry about it but
if they need more they can just ask for
it to a budgeting process that's on the
mobile phone so that i think is what
changed is the apis to your point kind
of changed and people the cloud cascaded
down into uh the infrastructure that you
know is behind the card payments
yes so one last one one last question um
while i have you and thanks for all the
time um
you guys have i missed a quarter i'm a
quarter behind right but two quarters
ago yeah 109 000 customers maybe you
have 120 now whatever the number 121
000. 121 000. um i was putting together
a list of how many customers public sas
companies have on average
uh just the other day and i realize it's
it's 30 000 on average and then when i
thought about it for folks like you or
me to lesser extent that have been in
the smb space forever that's like none
right right right even 120 000 like we
all thought the tam was small
it was hard to get these comments but
120 000 customers it's like nothing
isn't it well what i tell folks is hey
you know we've been in this business 15
years yeah six million employers in the
country and that's you know easily those
companies have a need for something like
what we do an employer they have a need
for payroll they probably have a need
for what we do
um and uh you can do the math i want
millions of customers and i'm not going
to make it unless we pick up the pace
right so the opportunity to kind of
really expand the market is real right
there is and that's why you know i go
back to the distribution system that
that we have right so having the ability
to go to the accountants and the
accountants continue to get better and
better at offering this tool to their
pro their customers and their prospects
uh the financial institutions the direct
the network you know the opportunity for
us to take those 3.2 million network
members and give them something that is
a paying product
all of that is gets stronger and
stronger every day and that's part of
the you know the five wheel that we're
working on is staying focused on the
customer their needs and going after
that six million you know u.s employers
20 million across the globe and having
an ability to kind of continue to
simplify their lives save them time and
let them get back to what they love
yeah i mean you could really and then
not to tighten it you're a public
company so not to be forward looking but
it seems to me you're you're you're
you're true tam not not even adding divi
and adding all the other amazing things
you're going to add i i think it's 20x
what you have today i don't see why you
have 120 000 and there's 6 million smps
3 million you're never why can't you
have 2 million customers right just the
cloud is crazy isn't it is there any is
there any mathematical reason you can't
someday have two million
i you we believe that there are millions
of businesses that need millions
millions right yeah yeah and so and it
takes time to do that it takes execution
to do that there's a lot of behind the
scenes stuff that has to get done well
for us to be in a position to get that
it's part of the ecosystem it's part of
the platform these are all things and so
you know when we're kind of at the
beginning you know of that penetration
you know the opportunity in front of us
is definitely something that everybody
on the team is focused on we definitely
feel that businesses need our solution
even when i talk to people that are
doing it the the old way
they will admit that it's pretty bad
when you start talking to him but it's
that resistance to change so our job is
just to keep making easier and easier to
change
sure well renee this was incredible
thanks for your time again maybe for the
fourth time on this but um not only a
super fan
of you as a founder and ceo but of the
product and customer
put me on the website if you need an
extra testimonial i don't love it run a
small business
uh i literally think i couldn't run it
without bill so thanks for all this yes
we would